## Overview
## Abstract and learning objectives
Students will learn how to build and configure an Internet of Things (IoT) Audit Solution using Azure Blockchain. Students will do this using Ethereum Blockchain with the use of Smart Contracts to collect device telemetry information in addition to enforce contract specifics related to conditions during transport of goods. Specifically, the IoT devices will report temperature and humidity data that will be  validated through the Smart Contracts against agreed upon acceptable ranges.

Students will learn how to:
* Deploy and Configure Azure Blockchain Workbench
* Write and Deploy Ethereum Smart Contracts with Solidity
* Integrate both IoT and Blockchain together into a single solution

## Review the customer case study
**Customer situation**

Northwind Traders is the world's largest food and beverage company. The company has a long history of innovation since its founding more than 150 years ago. Over the last few years, Northwind has been increasing their emphasis on tracking their products from the origin of the raw materials all way through the manufacturing process to the consumer. They pride themselves on being able to certify both the origin and delivery of their products with high accuracy.

With multiple shipping companies and methods, from trucks, to train, to ships, it is very difficult to guarantee traceability and accuracy of the shipping data. It is also very difficult to avoid inefficiencies and profit losses. The CEO of Northwind Traders, John Adams, states, "The solution to guaranteeing the quality of our products health is complete control of the supply chain."

Coordinating the traceability and accuracy of shipping information across the supply chain is a complex task that requires cooperation and coordination between many different companies and government organizations. Northwind Traders has spent a lot of resources and money to guarantee the accuracy of this data over the years, as well as the security and privacy of the data. Over the years this has required the coordination across languages, and political boundaries, in addition to the efforts of the many different companies involved.

Jill Andres, the CTO of Northwind Traders has reached out to you to help them build a truly innovative solution to better track their shipments. Jill says, "We need a system that is more secure, more efficient, and will help us lower, not just IT costs, but other costs across the organization." They've heard of Blockchain and Smart Contract technologies, and are thinking these may help them solve this problem.

As the most innovative company in their industry, they do implement Internet of Things(IoT) devices to track product storage and shipment. They do this mostly using temperature and humidity sensors mounted within warehouses and shipping containers. While this is something that's easy to implement on Northwind Traders properties, it can be difficult to implement across all shipping partners, distributors, and other entities involved. They are looking additionally integrate these IoT Sensors into their entire supply chain tracking to better increase the level  of transparency and traceability of shipping data.

The Northwind Traders engineering team is currently working on adding additional sensor support to the IoT tracking devices they are planning to deploy in the near future. With tracking shipments, a key feature they are working on is the addition of GPS (Global Positioning System) sensors to better enable them of track package locations in real-time. They are also looking to augment some of their IoT devices with Cellular-based Internet connectivity, in addition of Wifi.